[Windows] Check if importing certificate is needed (#1963)
vmware-tanzu/antrea: docs/windows.md

#### Join Windows worker Nodes

> #### 1. (Optional) Install OVS provided by Antrea

Reviewer: should this be: "1. Install OVS (provided by the Antrea team or your own)"

Author: Updated.

Antrea provides a pre-built OVS package which contains test-signed OVS kernel
driver. If you don't have a self-signed OVS package and just want to try the

> Antrea on Windows, this package can be used for testing. We also provide a help

Reviewer 2: a helper script

Author: Updated.

script `Install-OVS.ps1` to install the OVS driver and register userspace binaries
as services. If you want to use your own signed OVS package for production, you can

> run `Install-OVS.ps1` like this: `Install-OVS.ps1 -ImportCertificate $false -Local -LocalFile <PathToOVSPackage>`

Reviewer: nit: for the full command use a code block with a `powershell` code specifier

Author: Updated.

> (Test-only) Firstly, if you are using test-signed driver, please make sure to [enable test-signed](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-hardware/drivers/install/the-testsigning-boot-configuration-option)

Reviewer: ```suggestion 
**[Test-only]** First, if you are using test-signed driver (such as the one provided with Antrea), please make sure to [enable test-signed](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-hardware/drivers/install/the-testsigning-boot-configuration-option)
```

Author: Updated.

Antrea provides a pre-built OVS package which contains test-signed OVS kernel
driver. If you don't have a self-signed OVS package and just want to try the
Antrea on Windows, this package can be used for testing. We also provide a help
script `Install-OVS.ps1` to install the OVS driver and register userspace binaries
as services. You can set `-ImportCertificate` option of `Install-OVS.ps1` to $false

> if you have a signed OVS package.

Author: Indeed.
I didn't separate into 2 sections since they share many. But I still mentioned the difference (test-only and production) and I think it is enough for users to distinguish. PTAL.
